History of the Illuminati

The Illuminati trace their origins back thousands of years to their conception
as a result of the genetic inbreeding between a reptilian extraterrestrial race 
and humanity.  Their modern origin, however, traces back to the 1760s and a man 
named Adam Weishaupt, who defected from the Catholic church and organized the Illuminati, 
financed by the International Bankers.  Since then, according to the Illuminati, their top 
goal has been to achieve a “one world government” and to subjugate all religions and governments in the process.  
The Illuminati thus attribute all wars since the French Revolution as having been fomented by them in their pursuit of their goals.
Weishaupt wrote out a master plan in the 1770s outlining the Illuminati’s goals, finishing on May 1, 1776.  
According to the Illuminati, this great day is still commemorated by Communist nations in the form of May Day.  
 At the time Weishaupt’s ideology was first introduced, Britain and France were the two greatest world powers, 
and so the Illuminati claimed credit for having kindled the Revolutionary War in order to weaken 
the British Empire and the French Revolution to destroy the French Empire.

In the 1780s, the Bavarian Government found out about the Illuminati’s subversive activities, forcing the Illuminati to disband and go underground. 
For the next few decades, the Illuminati operated under various names and guises, still in active pursuit of their ultimate goal.  
According to the Illuminati, the Napoleonic Wars were a direct result of Illuminati intervention, and were intended to weaken the governments of Europe.  
One of the results of these wars was the “Congress of Vienna”, supposedly brought about by the Illuminati who there attempted to form a one world government 
in the form of a “League of Nations.”  However, Russia held out and the league of nations was not formed, causing great animosity towards 
the Russian government on the part of the Illuminati.

The Illuminati contend that they have achieved control over the world's economy by controlling 
the International Bankers in their effort to create a one world government
Their short-term plan foiled, the Illuminati adopted a different strategy.  
The Illuminati say that they achieved control over the European economy through the International Bankers and 
directed the composition of Karl Marx’s Communist Manifesto and its anti-thesis written by Karl Ritter in order to use 
the differences between the two ideologies to enable them to “divide larger and larger members of the human race into opposing camps 
so that they could be armed and then brainwashed into fighting and destroying each other.”

Under new leadership by an American general named Albert Pike, the Illuminati worked out a blueprint for three world wars throughout the 20th century 
that would lead to a one world government by the end of the 20th century.  
According to the Illuminati, the First World War was fought to destroy Czarism in Russia 
(the Illuminati had held a grudge against the Czarist regime since Russia had thwarted its plans for a one world government after the Napoleonic Wars) 
and to establish Russia as a stronghold of Communism.

Likewise, the Illuminati claim that the Second World War pitted the Fascists against the “political Zionists” 
so as to build up International Communism until it equaled in strength that of the United Christendom.  
According to Illuminati plans, the Third World War, which is to be fought between the political Zionists and the leaders of the Moslem world, 
will drain the international community to the extent that they will have no choice but to form a one world government. 